-  C is a general-purpose, imperative computer programming language that supports structured programming. It is organized around statements that change a program's state. 
-  Currently, it is one of the most widely used programming languages of all time.
-  C is a modern language:
	-  Has most basic control structures and features of modern languages
	-  Designed for top-down planning
	-  Organized around the use of functions
	-  Modular-oriented design and structured programming
	-  Reliable and readable programming
-  Extensive usage: minicomputers, Unix/Linux systems, PCs, mainframes, etc.
-  Preferred language for producing word processing programs, spreadsheets and compilers.
-  Popular for embedded systems: microprocessors found in automobiles, cameras, DVD players, etc.
-  Plays a strong role in the development of Linux.
-  Programs are easy to modify and easy to adapt to new models or languages.
-  In the 1990s, C++ became popular for large programming projects.
-  C is a subset of C++ with objected-oriented programming tools added. Thus, any C program is a valid C++ program, and by learning C, you also learn much of C++.
-  C programming remains a core skill needed by corporations and ranks in the top 10 of desired skills.
-  Provides constructs that map efficiently to typical machine instructions. Thus, it's commonly used by programs that were previously implemented in assembly language.
-  Provides low-level access to memory, and requires minimal run-time support.
-  C was invented in 1972 by Dennis Ritche, while working on the design of the Unix OS. It was created as a tool for working programmers: usefulness, readability and write-ability were priorities. 
-  Virtually, all major operating systems are written in C and/or C++.
-  C evolved from a programming language named B.
-  Available for most computers, and hardware independent.
-  Creation of the standard version of C after 1989. Most of C code being written today is based on C89.