# Overview 
-  C produces compact and efficient programs.
-  One of the most important programming languages, and will continue to be so.
# Main features
-  Efficient
-  Portable
-  Powerful
-  Flexible
-  Programmer oriented
## Efficiency and portability
-  C takes advantage of the capabilities of current computers.
-  C programs are compact and fast.
-  Programmers can fine-tune their programs for maximum speed or most efficient use of memory.
-  C programs written on one system can be run on other systems with little to no modification.
-  C compilers are available for many computer architectures.
## Power and flexibility
-  Unix/Linux kernel is written in C.
-  Many compilers and interpreters for other languages have been written in C.
-  C programs have been used for solving physics, engineering problems and even for animating special effect for movies.
-  Used for developing just about anything by way of a computer program.
-  Account applications to word processing and from games to operating systems.
-  It is a basis for more advanced languages, such as C++.
-  Used for developing mobile phone apps on IOS in the form of Objective C before Swift.
-  Easy to learn because of its compactness.
## Programmer oriented
-  C fulfills the needs of programmers.
-  It gives you access to hardware, and enables you to manipulate individual bits in memory.
-  Contains a large selection of operators which allows the programmer to express development succinctly. 
-  Less strict than most languages in limiting what you can do. Can be both an advantage (many tasks are easier in C) and danger (you can make mistakes that are impossible in some languages, specially in memory management).
-  C gives you freedom, but it also puts more responsibility on you.
-  C implementations have a large library of useful C functions that deal with the common needs of most programmers. A lot of implementation comes with the language, reducing workload.
# Other features
-  Provides low level features.
-  Programs can be manipulated using bits, the ability to manage memory representation at bit level with a wide variety of bit manipulation operators.
-  Pointers play a big role in C: direct access to memory, supporting efficient use of pointers.
# Disadvantages
-  Flexibility and freedom also requires added responsibility.
-  Use of pointers is problematic and abused.
-  You can make programming errors that are difficult to trace.
-  Sometimes, because of its wealth of operators and its conciseness, the language can be difficult to read and follow.
# Summary
-  Fast and efficient
-  Portable
-  Function rich libraries
-  Modularity
-  Easy to extend
-  Variety of data types and powerful operators