- Preprocessors are defined in the start of the code
- The "main" function is the routine that gets executed first. It is the entry point of a C program
- Code inside braces ('{', '}') is called a code block
- C is case sensitive
- All statements end in a semicolon (';')
- Indentation is a characteristic of good and readable code and is considered a good practice
- A C program, thus, is structured as such:
	1. Documentation (optional) - the description and/or of the program as commentary
	2. Preprocessor section - where preprocessors are defined for the compiler. Preprocessors are the programs that process our source code before the process of compilation. They are introduced with a hashtag ('#')
	3. Definition - the `#define` preprocessor is used to create a constant throughout the program. Whenever this name is encountered by the compiler, it is replaced by the actual piece of defined code
	4. Global declaration - the global declaration section contains global variables, function declaration, and static variables. Variables and functions which are declared in this scope can be used anywhere in the program
	5. main() function - every C program must have a main function. The main() function of the program is written in this section. Operations like declaration and execution are performed inside the braces of the main program. The return type of the main() function can be int as well as void too. void() main tells the compiler that the program will not return any value. The int main() tells the compiler that the program will return an integer value
	6. Sub-programs - user-defined functions are called in this section of the program. The control of the program is shifted to the called function whenever they are called from the main or outside the main() function. These are specified as per the requirements of the programmer